with the client here I talk about rafa luis
I bring new video as you can see then
I'm going to talk a little about weekly rotation
free lol yes those days champions
that the puppy takes out every week
every Tuesday in a misunderstanding or about
10 new free champions for
you can watch and play in the
crack of the embocador where you win it
well let's start there is one more house
because a lot of people wanted music in the
background of the video and well here you have
mozart 5 I do not like to bite but that
you like it and marcel come to start it
in the rotation is the ex solar on a
mado tank is a tank tank tank
tank also that much and low a lot
harm people save what is playing
topping in between is pretty good and
only if you are going to play it be charge
to do it all hit it were varieties of
third does not matter does tour won and killed
the water tanks
karman carmen is played in the middle
support more in the middle if you want to win a
only club will play the average 0 all p nulo
you can play in all functions
that no kidding can only be given
all through support no charge 196
very bad already try it it's worth it and what
I feel people and I only want but I did not have
that do it good take software is what
what do you want to do with lugo
top life viola of all and when I go
super color or well life things of
software I do not understand supers and that no
the cases are conformed cases is very
difficult to play and in mainly
only that I have to do it well
because you have to form having some
firm tone is good here you go is a
dog without a dog then
we discard to play it because there is a
trash are going to me not and good queens a
it's pretty good you can not play top
I have gone to Karina's tent or not to
darling is a prize shooter since
barry you can better play top pop me
I saw and if he does the same life that is done
one dance that can nominate Romina
I met, you do not know what anger
abandon your own line where you
you are playing and helping the others
colautti chejuán and is a council nor is
very strong but who knows and if to juanes
of wind is one and has a lot of daniel
they blocked lagoon and gan that they arrive well and
they go and they go and buy it vale is very
easy truth the tank and you win the
starting singer the chemist what yes that
is what of the head in uncle this one
makes next because our chip a month
finish everything
the three in the nexus gives the same as wave
bake are what you play all plane
and it takes us out of in I just want it for love of
God does not play in just that it is but it is not
just the next as of today and
good a swing can usually be used all
positions not promise that is not
can play everything commit the best all
for me it's worth a mole or anything somewhere
of reed but there is no proof of that and
ok I'm sorry people feel it just me
but had to do and for the top and mid
well, the petanque is worth and good
play that what is garbage and thunder
the king of troll trump can be a
troll and if I chop him ice his loaves
call trolleys and we discard that
you will be able to play it but not take the
just that they promote and tweet the rat that
cicada stinks that stinks but is not
bad is a decade that only team of
races and that his likes how tweets then
you can see tweets ballet teeth then I
like this week free rotation
from the all share a video came up this is
everything on Tuesdays
Today is Wednesday because I do not care
because I had the idea just now
I hope you will like other people
cool
and before you expect me not to
I was wrong
it's worth remembering that you can subscribe
come in fallon no I'm not saying
to subscribe
dadle laxi there is even a social network to
steal Falcon but it's worth another
dad people